you say
this moment and a half
Where can I get a lot of them?
go get money
Look at your home again
Is there anything else of value?
They all changed money.
I will return to the city to continue working
a bit strange
It's our parents' fault.
disappointed
If we have the ability and money
That won't be the case
Let your daughter go out and make money
Such a big thing happened
She must be worried too
It's also uncomfortable
her dad
Why don't you change jobs tomorrow?
Your legs and feet feel uncomfortable
Forget the hard work of moving.
What's wrong
beautiful
This job pays well
Much easier than farming
It would be nice to make more money, right?
it's out of the question
Let your daughter do everything
keep it alone
Let her do this sooner
Plug the hole where you owe money
I feel more comfortable now
can only be
Bear
I originally thought
Make a lot of money selling wine
I have no expectations
I let my father work hard for me
I'm such a pest
There are really fireworks
hope
hope he can wake up
no more worries
The wine is back
The debt is also paid off
too much
Make a commitment first, talk about it later
I wish my parents and brothers
able to be healthy
hope
he and me
Can we meet again?
Why did you come back?
come back to see you
What's this?
your wine
She brought it back to you
The wish you made is very effective
how did you find her
Is it possible?
I was stolen back
precise
Originally I was thinking
Give some advice to some bandits
So they can impersonate officers and soldiers
He stole the Song family's valuables
But I didn't expect Zee to come back.
this is your wine
Why give advice to bandits?
Why steal the Song family's things?
Still how to ask
I can't even ask
How many secrets do you have?
Which one of what you said is true?
Which sentence is wrong?
I think Brother Youheng is right
You don't give it at all
The robbers came up with an idea
Your son is a bandit
I tell you what is true
My name is not Xinnuo
Real name is Shen Yi
Not Qingshan County either
People from Shenjia Village
I am the deputy envoy of the current government.
Queen Shen's brother
So you are a respected official
Why did you come to my Şişanli camp?
There is currently a deficit in the treasury
This is Jinyang County
Qingzhou Province
Then it
This camp is thirteen miles away
in its area
Not only have they not paid taxes for years;
as you mentioned drought
Ask the courts about disaster relief funds
Qingzhou Prefecture
I am the Marquis
Ningyuanhou fiefdom
Officially known
Ning Yuanhou was greedy by nature
Worried about what happened in Qingzhou Prefecture
There might be something fishy about it
then send it to me
Plainclothes police came to investigate
This is to contain Ning Yuanhou
really
i came here
No consecutive disasters found
This is collusion between government and business
Suppress people
dig into your pocket
The situation is very dangerous
so
when we first met
you
When I passed by Jinyang County
discovered by chance
Owner of Yuelai Inn
Official salt smuggling
Originally I wanted to chase
But was accidentally discovered
when we first met
the people of this government
it bothers me
exhibit
you
Help me bury
Just to stay in the Lian family
Hiding at Thirteen Mile Camp
us
Let's go to Yuelai Restaurant together
Set up a stall in front
You're not here to make money
She's going to investigate the restaurant owner
everything you do
they are all using me
Now
Just pat your butt and leave.
You made me drink again
Not just because you want to see me?
while i was investigating
I learned about collusion between politics and business
sell your salt
He and a man named
Related to Jinyangxing Guild
I need one more
local identity
Fortunately, I didn't alert anyone.
question
Waiting for the opportunity to get close to Jinyangxing
Manier
I really need your help
I promise you
What
I'm back now
just to stay home
Pretend to deal with me
I will help you
Is there anything else you want to say?
Ryan Manner
I like you
I fell in love with you a long time ago
Every day I leave you
I think of you
unnecessary
Manier
Uncle Guo
I promise you
You don't have to lie to me anymore
come over
OK
only
us
I got the news right then
Flooded before
lost old friend
He suddenly appeared in Linxian
me and no equipment
I quickly went to find him.
I don't have time to say hello to you
Aunt Zhang is very worried about us.
You're welcome
i hope you can come back
Man'er just confessed to me
He said you still have to be here
stay a little
It doesn't matter
Just live realistically
OK
I'm back
go to bed early
OK
Identity issue
Confess to Miss Manna
the result of doing this
angry
Yes
after all
I kept a secret for a long time
This is not goodbye
come back now
Just to get help from others
this is a person
There will be a little bit in my heart more or less
Could you say a few words less?
Ever since Song Haikun lost his book
The identity of the delivery person is assumed
Definitely impossible to save.
If you want to polish the clues in the book again,
We should strive to enter Jinyangxing
Looking for a new delivery person
Then you have to go to bed early
What else do you say?
Just say tomorrow
Let’s meet at Jinyang Bridge outside the city
Let me count three thousand taels
Pay with one hand, deliver with the other
They dare you to have it delivered to your door
80% of people understand
Book content
The difference is
I don't dare to negotiate terms with the Song family.
Just do what they say
Have money ready
Help yourself
Yes
Changed books again
they do not
those who steal books
he won't stay
Yes
Why is the weather so bad and it rains all the time?
it arrived
That’s it, guys.
Come and sit down
He ate the soy sauce pork elbow from Cantonese
It's really worth being obsessed with
Fourth child, what are you talking about?
I have some work to do later
to say such depressing things
Third brother and fourth brother
Why did you come down from the mountain?
Thirteen such coincidences
Brother, we are ready to go
we don't have time
Have you never tried Cantonese’s soy sauce pork elbow?
Come and quench your thirst
not words
You and Brother Shen are too dishonest.
before leaving
He didn't even say a word to us
we can provide you
Would you like a farewell drink?
He left in a hurry
but there is a chance
He will definitely come to see you
Then why are you here today?
I am
I heard from my fourth brother that the elbow here is delicious.
I want to buy some more
Give it to my brother to try
Make him happy too
There's nothing wrong with that
Is it possible that Brother Shen
so book
unhappy at home
There's that little girl
let me say
this is your brother
For that little girl's wine
Even such a valuable book
no longer
Listen to the accents of the brothers
It seems I have considered it
How can I make money from this book?
Don't worry bro
You all entered this book first.
Wait until we make money
You both must have
then i'm here
Thank you two brothers in advance.
Dare to ask
How do you get rich?
Lang Jun
I met the Black Panther Village
The third and fourth children are no longer here
What are they doing in Jinyang County?
They have a date with the Song family
See you at Jinyang Bridge
I want to exchange my books for money
The old man was confused.
You want to extort money from books
The Song family also agreed
Eighty percent is a trap
So what should we do now?
Let's go and see
Third brother
Third brother, get up
know how short the song is
Not an ordinary family
Why do you still do stupid things?
We just want to extort some money
At most a fight
I have no expectations
Anyone can kill you
Where are the books?
The knight kidnapped him
you
His nickname is Shane
Blessings of Salvation Today
I have written it below
I have to take my third brother to the doctor
he was seriously injured
No
The person who just came back is alive again.
The Song family will definitely do this
I'm looking for you everywhere
Go back to the village first
he goes
come over
This arrow is poisonous
after that
Brother Yang
where are we going?
Chunzhu Niang مريض
I want to take a look
Brother Yang
I have something to ask you for help
Forgive me, I can't do anything
Brother Yang
Why are you treating me like this?
if there is misunderstanding
please speak
come if you want
leave if you want
Not even a hello
Where do you put your mane?
now we go
you shouldn't come back
You don’t have to disturb Manil’s life anymore
Brother Yang
we are very different
two kinds of people
But just one thing
we agree
We all love Leanne Manner
Same thing here
I also hope myself
able to protect her
You were wary of me before
All because of her
Now you are looking at me with cold eyes
It's also because of her
I do have something to hide
I'm sorry I can't explain it to you
so i don't want to
Can you believe me?
I just think
I just want brother Heng
Whoever can heal is a kindhearted person
Put aside your prejudices for a moment
help me heal someone
keep playing
in this mountain
There is such a big village
These people are called officials
Mr Ghani
The fields were taken away
people who lost their homes
eager
I just ran here
With this shelter
Facts have proved that in recent years
Bandits appear in Jinyang County and rob roads
Not a bad person at all
Just a little bit
The poor guy who had to climb the mountain
People who hurt third brother and fourth brother
Such a brutal attack
Just in case anyone tries to take action against us
what to do
We can't go down the mountain
what happened
More important than your third brother’s life
you won't save me
I will save it myself
What if there is an ambush at the foot of the mountain?
Yes
Something just happened here
Just bring the stranger here
Do you think we are a Black Panther Village?
Where
This is the person who stole my drink
Why is he here?
Schiavolizzi
go out
ETC。
General manager, senior manager
Brother Youheng is my best friend under the mountain
He is a doctor with superb medical skills
At present, Zhao Laosan's injury has not yet been treated.
Saving people is important
Yes
Let's load it here first
General manager, senior manager
Can you trust them?
Why hesitate at this time?
Saving people is important
Also, do you have a doctor here?
Don't believe us yet
Come
Slow down, slow down
Okay, okay, come on, let it go, let it go
Put it away, put it away
come over
It's a thousand robot poisons
Qian's smell
I woke up
Third brother
Third brother, third brother, third brother
It's okay, just wake up
third child
What
water
water water
Hurry and get water
Go get some water Go get some water
wake up
i just don't care
Say hello to this girl
possible
That's it
Brother Shen's friend, right?
before we steal
I didn't know beforehand
This is a drink suitable for girls
I thought he was from the Song family
I have no idea
Does it affect girls?
It's okay, it won't affect
Shen Nuo has already returned the wine to me.
After going down the mountain
I will return the wine to the buyer
does not affect
How many people are there today?
I saved my third child.
I don’t know if my jade is inlaid with gold
How can I thank everyone?
General manager, senior manager
This time, she successfully escaped from the Song family.
he is lucky
but if you keep doing this
Sooner or later something will happen
It will also cause problems for the village.
Many old people and children
I saw this catastrophic thing
Why not call it a day?
Apply lightly
if not
This crowd will starve to death
if you go down the mountain
No motherland, no land
Even a copy proving identity
there is nothing
tell them how to survive
Not that I want to keep doing this
After all, it's us
no other way out
I have a suggestion
You might as well listen
Now
I'm in the distilled spirits industry
The name of the wine is
brandy champion
Sales are very good
But there are few of us
Small output
i see your village
The place is big
And there are many people
Why don't we cooperate?
Don't know how to collaborate?
honestly
You save space and manpower
The oldest wine-making technology
when you're done
I went down the mountain to find a buyer
By then we will be 30 to 70
mutual benefit
my wine
Not only do they taste delicious, but they also sell for a premium price.
You got to know me this month
Trust this wine
How much money did you make?
How many
fifty taels
five hundred taels
a lot of
five hundred
you say
Got a lot of debt?
Why did I suddenly make so much money?
The wine is ready
What if I don't pay for the drink?
shut up
head of family
I know you don't believe me
Not as good as this
I put in the equipment needed to make distilled spirits
and components
I'll pull them all up the mountain to you
Let's make wine together
Make money together
after finishing
five on five
Wait for this transaction to complete
Everyone will no longer need it
scared
It's time to lick the blood off the blade
Yes or no
Yes, that's right, great
It's nice to have a stable life
certainly
General manager, senior manager
The deal looks good
Yes, leader
let me say a few words
i know the president
It's not easy to be with brothers
Based on my understanding of both parties
i believe in this deal
To the Brothers of Black Panther Village
is beneficial and harmless
So I teamed up with Ms. Manner
i think this is the right time
what do you think?
Miss Manier
There is a group of people in our village
Farah Sadiq
they are ruthless
today
Since Brother Shen is queuing up
Then we will follow you
but
Brothers settle accounts
you must keep your promise
50-50 after completion
hand over the money
first hand delivery
That's it
OK
nice to come
Happy cooperation with everyone
how good is this
Thank you, Mrs. Marner
Happy cooperation
Come, come, come
how good is this
Come, come, enjoy the fun of cooperation
Thank you, Mrs. Marner
i did well
take it with you
sit
aunt
try moving it a little
Wang Langzhong, you are amazing
A few stitches
My arm doesn't hurt anymore
I can also upload it
I'll give you more medicine
Determine the effectiveness of medications
Good, thank you very much
Brother Heng
Manier
on my way here
I heard many people say
I will establish an eternal throne for you.
Don't you dare?
I just look at them
There has been a long-term shortage of medical care and medicine in the village.
Even if you are sick, there is nothing you can do about it.
timely treatment
Can only be withdrawn
It was a bit cold originally
It also became a serious illness
Fortunately I brought some common medicines with me
It can also handle one or two
then focus on treatment
I have to go down the mountain to deliver wine.
if you arrange
Come down quickly too
I won't go back now
there are many patients
I haven't finished reading yet
I only take medicine once or twice
Not enough at all
I am anxious
It's better to stay a few more days
It doesn't matter
if you need anything please let me know
i will bring it to you
I will bring you more
Sangio senses the wind spirit and ascends to heaven
OK
Actually there is something else
I haven't had time yet
thank you for the fireworks
you know i put it there
nature
you just asked me
When are you happiest?
Of course I know
in fact
Brother Heng
amor
we will always be best friends
I'm pretty sure about this
I am leaving
OK
Mr. Lang
current books
The Song family took it back
you tell us what to do
How to deal with Jin Yangxing
Keep checking
Still thinking
What did you say
Lang Jun Thirteen
I want to ask you a favor
when i go down the mountain
can you help me
Return the wine to the Song family
I want Master Song
Bill, please
Yes
Thanks
beautiful
ETC。
you reminded me
jade inlaid with gold
Persons included in the register
All from Jin Yangxing
Song Haikun Song family
He must also be a member of Jin Yangxing
maybe from him
Explore the road to Jinyang
I will go with you
little teacher
Things have been delivered
What did Mr. Wu say?
That old fox Wu Zhonglian
I have followed him for a long time
This is the only time something went wrong
These books were banned by that gang
The opera singer took her away
He turned away, refusing to recognize anyone.
he wrote a book
I want to go back
Already given to him
I was betrayed by this too.
What else does he want?
Master, please stop talking.
Come and sit
it's good now
Delivery order
Just don't give it to me
Salt selling business
I can't intervene at all now
A little interested now
Can't catch it either
you say
I'm still in this league
what to do
The fourth young teacher
Sister Munir
brother in law
I'll pay for your drinks.
Thank you, brother-in-law
please
Brother-in-law, our wine was stolen
It will definitely delay your Song family.
We are so embarrassed
So I made another batch
send you
Sister Maner is interested
only
Is this big brother angry?
Why doesn't he come?
in his works
I'm having some trouble
Inconvenient to meet guests
That's why I was sent to see you.
It doesn't matter, I already received the bill anyway.
I am very satisfied
I want to thank my brother-in-law
Gege
I heard there is a local labor union
Everyone shares their needs with each other
Help each other
We will also do some work together
you know too
Those of us who run small businesses
Making money is slow
I know you have a good reputation
I was wondering if you could recommend something for me?
Brother Shen Chen
I'm afraid this is inappropriate
guild leader
He is the local richest man Wu Zhonglian
have a kiss
Known as Prince Wu
Who can join a union?
It’s up to Mr. Wu to decide
The president is inside
They are all famous rich people.
you have no business here
no store
Although our Song family
You have a very close personal relationship with Boss Wu
But my brother recently
Do not interfere in trade union affairs
Even if you go to Mr. Wu to mediate,
And I'm afraid he won't agree either.
What can he do?
Meet Boss Wu
Boss Wu is a lonely man.
nothing attracts him
I am afraid
Our business is small
Even the Chamber of Commerce is afraid
not enough
if this is the case
Just listen to my brother’s song
let's do this first
Let’s wait until the business develops.
Official
I paid for Marnier's drink
things are not over yet
After the last wedding banquet
many guests
She asked me to order wine from Sister Manners.
you really helped her
Why don't you ask me?
Official
I am oblivious
My sister has always been naughty
you know too
my mom is the only one
will have nothing
Then I teased my mom
These words are very cliché.
It's hard for me to say
really
but
They are also my sisters
I'm the stingy person
Mrs.
you are so cute
Others bully you like this
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
Don't worry, I'm here
You won't suffer from it anymore
Such complaints
Officer, you are so kind.
i hear you say that
The threshold for entering Jinyangxing is not low.
We have to start trading first
work begins
You may not be able to log in yet
Must cause a sensation
Don't think too much now
all in all
Decide what needs to be done first
or
Let’s find a store first
open a restaurant
certainly
only
She gave me Song Hailong
five hundred taels of silver
I use it to pay off debts
I only have a little over two hundred pieces of teal on hand.
So I have money to buy a store
It depends on your salary.
now i am a farmer
Take it out in one go
There is a lot of money in business
It's easy to attract others' attention
Then enter Jinyang Xingxi
There was once someone
Discover our origins
Problems may occur 80% of the time
Better be careful
Brewing raises funds to buy store
Then you have to start from scratch.
What do you sew?
I spent a long time sewing
we're not always like this
Do you live here?
don't do any work
excuse me
I suddenly forgot
Sister Yi'er is still working in the yard.
I will send some snacks
Go to Thirteen
I'm sorry if it doesn't work
sorry
Sorry, I
I gotta go
You guys keep chatting
I gonna go see